♪ Call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ When you want to page me,
it's okay ♪
♪ Whenever you need me, baby
♪ Call me, beep me
if you want to reach me. ♪
( beeping )
RON: That brings us to item 432
in my Care of Rufus Guide...
singing.
KIM:
He sings?
No, you sing.
Sing what?
"Rock-a-bye Baby."
Well, actually he prefers
"Rock-a-bye Rufus."
Here, watch.
♪ Rock-a-bye Rufus
in the treetop ♪
♪ When the wind blows,
the cradle will rock. ♪
Ron, I know I agreed
to take care of Rufus
while you and the fam
tour France,
but there is zero chance of me
serenading a naked mole rat.
Kim, lullabies
are a cornerstone
of naked mole rat care.
It's the only thing guaranteed
to put Rufus instantly to sleep.
Monkey Fist?!
Duff Killagan?!
Shego?!
All right, we're out of here.
Let's move on to
item 433, shall we?
( groans)
KIM: We can cross
recovering one ultrasecret
X-14 microchip
off our to-do list.
I'll arrange for you
to return it
to the Greetinex Corporation
first thing tomorrow.
Please and thank you.
I...
Okay, all set here, Kim.
I've left you our itinerary
and contact numbers.
Oh, Rufus, buddy, if it weren't
for that zero rodent policy
at Le Hotel Laurent,
you'd be coming with us.
( sobs ):
Bye.
( beeping )
I'll call to check up on him.
( smacking )
Rufus, how am I supposed
to get to my bed?
( thunder )
Hmm?
( beeping )
The microchip?
It's been located.
( bagpipe music plays)
( beeping )
More?
Rufus, you've already
eaten through
two months of my allowance.
More.
All right, all right.
Another Que Cerrito Nacho
Platter coming right up.
( beeps )
Kim, we got a problem.
I'm picking up a signal
from the microchip.
The chip is in my room.
Not anymore.
Satellite thermo
enhancement shows
the signal is coming
from Bueno Nacho.
Where?
Inside Rufus.
Rufus?
You'd better get him to
a secure location before...
Monkey ninjas, attack!
( screeching )
Hello, rodent.
( laughs )
Come, my monkey minions.
Wade, do you have a lock
on the microchip's signal?
I'm running a flight projection
based on current airspeed
and jet stream variations.
Fine. But whatever you do,
don't tell Ron...
Yo, yo, yo, Kim.
Le Ron here.
How's everything going?
You know,
according to my schedule,
Rufus should be on his way
to aromatherapy.
Um, actually,
it's quiet time right now.
Well, wake the little guy up.
I can't do that, Ron.
I can't do that because
of item number 237
in your Care of Rufus Guide:
"It is essential for mole rats
to get at least
20 hours of sleep a day."
That's exactly what I wanted
to hear you say, K.P.
See, that was a test.
Obviously, I put my trust
in the right person.
Le Ron out.
Wade, talk to me and
please make it good news.
Monkey Fist's plane is headed
for a remote landing strip
in the French Alps.
If I call in the right favors,
I can have you there
half an hour after he lands.
( beeping )
It appears you have bitten off
more than you can chew,
my little friend.
Come on, say "ah."
Ah...
Monkey ninjas, attack!
Thank you, lassie.
( screams )
( bagpipe music plays)
Fore!
Welcome aboard.
( gasps )
Sorry, missy,
but this is where I get off.
Enjoy your flight.
It's only going to last
a wee 22 seconds.
( cackles )
Huh?
( beeping )
( beeps ) Hey, Kim, you there?
Uh, yeah.
Hi, Ron.
How's Paris?
C'est est très magnifique.
How's everything there?
Rufus giving you any trouble?
'Course not.
Well, put the little guy on.
Uh, sure.
Let me get him.
What in the...?
Here, Rufus, say hi to Ron.
( squeaking )
Hey, Kim, is everything okay?
He sounds kind of freaked.
Oh, he misses you, that's all.
Okay, got to go, bye-bye.
( dial tone )
Say from.
Merci très bien.
( gasps )
Gotcha.
( elevator dings )
Fore!
( gasps )
Gotcha.
( laughs ) ( screams )
( gasps)
Thanks.
Find him!
( gasps, blows raspberry )
Paris is just so...
so peaceful.
( yells )
( screams )
Rufus.
( dings )
( yelling )
Rufus, jump down to me.
Nuh-uh.
Rufus, jump now.
No way.
♪ Rock-a-bye Rufus
in the treetop ♪
♪ When the wind blows,
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks,
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come Rufus,
cradle and all. ♪
( snores )
( dings )
Who's up for the Louvre?
( beeps ) And then we
hit the Arc de Triumph
and Nottery Dame.
Surprisingly, French fries
and French toast
are in short supply here.
So what's up with you guys?
Oh, you know.
Same old, same old.
Same-o, same-o.
Oh, got to go, Ron.
Yeah, later, K.P.
We can't thank you enough,
Kim Possible.
Our rivals in
the greeting card industry
would pay any price
to acquire this chip.
Oh. No big... wait. Wait...
I'm sorry, did you say
the "greeting card" industry?
Oh, yes,
it's quite competitive.
I'm sure the thief
who acquired this chip
would be paid a fortune.
( plays "Rock-a-bye Baby" )
"Congratulations, it's a girl."